-13-

0n the following Monday I got a job as a Foundry Boy in 3 Brass Foundry
at 5/â€” a week. This place was in Bemondaey, a good distance from
Lambath and I had to walk to and from my job. My Uncle worked in Old
Street and he used to walk backward and forward to work. He had a
maxim he would insist I should learn, it was walking very quick and

to always cut off corners and to overtake anyone who was walking in
front. I used to practice this and used to adopt the habits of
professional walking non with aw elbows into my side.

I was a long period with my Aunt and I know I used to get aixpence

a week pocket money. which as soon as I received I was off to the
Canterbury Music Hall where the price in the gallery was ltd. In this
manner I saw all the principal artistes of the day. There were Dan Leno,
Herbert Campbell, Little Tich, Charles Godfrey and a host of othars.

The show would start at 7 pm. and finished at 11.30 pm. and I arrived
home at 11.16 pun. They told me I was too young to be going to such
places but they never stopped my weekly enjoyment. I had no companions
and I used to run for all my Aunt's errands and make myself useful.

All this time my father never troubled after me and I was forgetting all
about him until one night when I came home from my job Mrs. Palmer called
me into her parlour and said sha had some very bad news for me. She said
"your sister is very ill". Then she paused and looking into her face I
saw she was keeping something from me. At last she said "Your sister
Katie is dead". I felt as if the room had gone dark. I do not know what
I did. I only know I had some idea of running all the way to Bow. She
pressed some money in my hand [or me to ride home with. And I went back
home expecting to see her botiy there. Then I was told she had been killed
by a fall at the Convent in Tonbridge Wells, and we were going to the
{unaral next day.

On the next morning my father. stepmother and myself travelled from
London Bridge to tho Convant. I know I felt awkward because I had

not spoken to my stepmother for a long period and I kept silent.

I was taken to see my sister in her coffin and was told that she was
killed by a fall through sliding down the bannisters, that she had
overbalanced and had fallen a distance of #0 feet to the stone pavement
below. She had fell on top of her head. She looked so pitiful in her

coffin, her poor head was three times its nomal size.